Updating contributing guides (#23)
apollographql/apollo-ios-dev: apollo-ios-codegen/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Apollo iOS Codegen Contributor Guide

> Please see the contributor guide in the `apollo-ios-dev` repo [here](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios-dev/tree/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
If you would like to contribute to this library, you should make your code modifications and pull requests in the the [apollo-ios-dev](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios-dev) repository. For more information, see the contributor guide in the `apollo-ios-dev` repo [here](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios-dev/tree/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
